corner number four for the restart and
the green flag comes out
it's a series
slide into the wall Bigelow climbs out
Carruthers kind of throws his arms up
and times not to have this is very
uncharacteristic of Tom Bigelow is he
you see that from top but he's having a
conversation right now with young Roy
obviously Roy said something back to him
we're guessing as he grabs in the you
sack officials not gonna look kindly on
to this little altercation here and very
very uncharacteristic of Tom Bigelow it
really is Tom obviously disgusted with
Roy Carruthers as I can see enough on a
replay here fortunately if we have it
exactly what happened because that Tom
well here it is Tom's on the inside Roy
comes down and just kind of slams the
door on him so tom was alongside and
really had a physician on the inside I
looked like Roy may have come across
grab slams door there we can see that
again to take another look at it but Tom
very very upset yeah we don't know if
Roy said something back to the cockpit
as the two cars are hooked together
there you know the cars are here
together big alone now down on his knees
trying to get this car separated from
Roy Carruthers you'll notice that Roy
still has the helmet on and he's still
sitting in the car and at this moment I
think that's probably a wise decision on
his part anytime a driver gets an
altercation leave your helmet on Bigelow
has taken his off and there is Tom
pushing his car into the infield but boy
I tell you Tom was as angry as I've ever
seen Tom Bigelow in any kind of racing
I've ever laid on that angry usually has
a very cool head and maintains his
composure but obviously he was not happy
with Roy Carruthers probably within 10
or 15 minutes he'll walk back to the
paddock area and think why did I do that
on
television and probably have a
conversation later on and it won't be
quite as heated as what we saw they're
still 11 laps completed now here's what
happened we take it back to turn number
four as the yellow flood as weather as
the green flag is coming out for the
restart there is Tom cutting to the
inside of Roy
tom has position now and Roy just really
slams the door on him and the two get
together
there's only two cars right